Previously onSEAL Team...
RAY:
HVT's name is Yassine Kassen.
French-Algerian, known in jihadi
circles as "Raqqa Jacques."
It's the same guy
who tortured Ray.
Then why'd you keep it from me?
I'm squared away, so I do not
need you playing hero.
You can't tell me you don't want
to take this guy down hard.
Vengeance? I don't want
to be the guy chasing that.
[muffled gun shots]
SALAZAR:
Master Chief Hayes,
I'm NCIS Agent Salazar.
I'm placing you into custody.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
Is there a chance Jason
committed a war crime?
We'd all know if he did.
Seeing him in
those cuffs,
after all he's
sacrificed...
Got to be a mistake.
Any news?
Not yet.
Waiting on Soto
to, uh, brief us.
I just can't even imagine what
Jason's being accused of.
Things went sideways
in Jordan,
but nothing that
would amount to this.
Surveillance op
wasn't supposed to go kinetic.
Everything was clean
on the op.
There's no reason
he'd be answering
for anything we did over there.
[door opens]
Finally, some answers.
No answers.
Just updates.
Bravo is officially undeployable
for the duration of
Jason's investigation.
What is he accused of?
A JAG will contact you
to schedule your depositions.
You'll find out
more details then.
In the meantime,
Command has issued
a no-contact order.
You are to stay away
from each other
and from Jason.
Anyone gonna tell me
what the deal is here?
I know as little as you,
Master Chief.
I received a call at home
instructing me
to return to base,
so here I am.[sighs] Yeah, well,
thanks for being here.
My apologies, Captain Lindell.
I was detained.
LINDELL:
Master Chief, this is
Lieutenant Commander Flores,
a Navy JAG.
He's here to read
your charges.
FLORES:
Master Chief Hayes,
you're accused
of unlawfully killing
Yazeed Nafal...
Who?...shooting with lethal force
an unarmed Jordanian civilian
while on a mission
to the nation of Jordan.
That didn't happen.
FLORES:
For failure to ensure
the target was armed
before the use of lethal force
as required
under the Standing Rules
of Engagement,
you are charged
with violating UCMJ Article 119,
involuntary manslaughter.
I did not shoot
an unarmed man.
FLORES:
You have the right
to remain silent.
JASON: Okay, this
is ridiculous.I advise you
to review your rights
before you discard them,
Master Chief.
Your confinement order.
Excuse me?
LINDELL:
You'll be assigned a JAG
to represent you--
in the meantime,
I am obligated
to confine you to the brig
for the duration
of the investigation.
♪
[telephone ringing]
Master Chief Hayes,
I'm Lieutenant Commander
Williams,
the JAG assigned
to your defense.
You know what,
I've been confined
in here for almost a week now.
Forget where your office is?My apologies.
Navy bureaucracy at its finest.No rush.
Just my freedom at stake here.
Just your freedom at stake,
"ma'am."
Have a seat.
I've read up on your career,
Master Chief.
Very impressive record.
So hopefully,
after reading that,
it's clear to you
that I'm innocent.
All that's clear
is this case is
extremely complicated.
Oh, there's nothing
complicated about it.
How's that?I've seen this
outside the wire all the time:
bad guys accuse Americans
of doing something--
they want a payday.Sure, that's taken place
in Afghanistan and Iraq, but...
Jordan's
a staunch American ally.
Different people,
same shakedown.
Jordanians are just
trying to leverage
the situation.
Interesting theory.
Jordan's upset
the U.S. sent operators
into its territory
without permission,
and you're the pound of flesh
the U.S. is offering
to appease Jordan?
And once they get
what they want,
I'll be clear of all charges.
Have you considered that
what the Jordanians might want
is you?They have nothing on me.
And it's up to you
to keep it that way.
Rest assured I'm working
every angle on your behalf.
And I have secured your release
from confinement.
You won't be able
to be around your team,
but you can go
about your routine.The team is my routine.
Don't leave Virginia Beach.
Can I trust you to obey
these guidelines, Master Chief?
CLAY: I would have told you
sooner. I just...
I wanted to wait
till I had all the intel first.
It's a lot
to process.
Jason killing
an unarmed man.
All those years, all those ops,
a frogman like him wouldn't make
a mistake like that.
Of course.
It's just so ugly.
You know, Ray and Naima say
that honesty is
how they make it work,
but maybe I shouldn't have
painted such a clear picture.
We're supposed to be talking
about you moving in.
You know, furniture,
not Bravo's problems.
This couch has been with me
since I joined the teams.
I think maybe it's time
we should think about
getting a new one, huh?
It is not lost on me,
what you guys do.
But I would much rather
face the truth
than have my feelings protected.
That's how I want it to be.
[whispers]:
Good.
But, you know,
the last time around...
you really struggled
with the reality
of what happens
outside the wire.
Yeah, I just need to know
I'm covered, is all.
Can't we meet
somewhere off base?
I'd rather not be seen
near JAG's office.
Roger that.
All right, see you then.
What do you need
a lawyer for?
[chuckles]:
Ah. Nothing.
Just, uh...
the op in Jordan attracted
a little scrutiny.
That's all.The kind of scrutiny
that gets an article
in the Navy Post?
Since when do you read
the Navy Post?
Since Jameelah was taking
forever in the base library.
Uh-huh.Page three
it says an operator
is under indictment
for an op in Jordan.
You told me your mission
was uneventful.
Why are you holding out on me?
I didn't feel the need to share
all the details, babe.
It's just one op.It's more than one.
You still won't talk
about what happened
in Syria.
It's Jason.
He's the operator
under indictment.
I didn't want to upset you,
'cause I know
it's gonna blow over.
What did he do?
I-I can't say.
The investigation involves
classified information.
You can't say, or you won't say?
Shared plenty
of state secrets before.
I wasn't
a warrant officer before.
I got to do my duty.
You know?Mm-hmm.
Love you.Love you back.
[beeping]
One of my men come under fire,
I'm there to protect them.
All right, I got eyes
all over me out there,
do you understand me?
They're all looking at me like
I'm some kind of a war criminal?
Master Chief...You one of them?
I was just as blindsided
by these allegations
as you were.Why don't you do
something about it
instead of sit there?'Cause these charges are coming
from above me, outside the walls
of this command!
So you think this is
a witch hunt, too, huh? Yeah.
I think that you running around
like a man on fire
is not helping you.All right,
you know what?
Somebody attacks me
I fight back-- that's what I do.
It'd be nice if the
people around me
who supported me
would do the same,
instead of watching
the Navy machine steamroll me.
You know, you're right,
Master Chief, the machine
is coming after you,
and it is a foe unlike
anything you've
battled before.
So you listen to me.
If you don't stand down
and get out of your own way,
you are going to lose the most
important fight of your life.
You got lucky.
A bullet went clean through you.
Yep. Must've not liked
the taste of whiskey
and freedom.[chuckles]
I am just glad
you are okay.
Aah!Oh, st...
[both laughing]You're so stupid.
Yeah, well, I got
cleared hot to operate.
Bravo isn't, though.
Is that irony?
Yeah. Well, it's just reality,
unfortunately,
until Jason's
investigation wraps up.
Yeah.
It really ain't fair
what they're doing to him.
The politicians
don't like the way
that we fight wars,
maybe they
should quit starting them.
My detailer called.
Oh, yeah?Mm-hmm. Said that
I should hear back
about that Echo job
by next month.
Ooh. You still
sure that
that's something you want to do?
I mean, you're getting
a lot more than you bargained
for now, considering...
I might have a plus-one
rolling with me.
Did Hannah tell you
the due date yet?
Um...
Sonny, have you still not talked
to her about the baby?
Davis, I've been a tad busy,
getting shot and all.
Okay? You know...
and look, she-she said
she wasn't expecting anything,
so there's no rush.
She deserves a response.
Sonny.
Whatever you decide,
we're gonna get through it.
Mm-hmm.
Okay?
Together.
You ambushed
your commanding officer?
We can't afford to lose
a potential ally.
Well, I prefer people that shoot
in the same direction
as me, so...
I know chain of command
means nothing to you,
but Captain Lindell
has influence.
And from what I can tell,
you need all the help
you can get, Master Chief.
Please, call me Jason.Negative.
I'll call you Master Chief Hayes
and you'll call me
Lieutenant Commander Williams
because this
is the United States Navy.
So, where are we?
The prosecution thinks
it has ironclad evidence
you shot an unarmed man.
What evidence? He had a gun.
We'll learn more at
the preliminary hearing later.Good.
It's time we start pushing back.No.
There's nothing for us to do
at the hearing but listen.
The prosecution's evidence
will be reviewed
by an investigating officer
who will recommend
the case be thrown out,
amended and/or go to trial.
Please try to control yourself
in the hearing
so I only have to fight
the prosecution.
You know, it is odd to me.
It's odd to me that you've never
asked me how this all went down.
I mean, do you think I'm,
what, some kind of trigger-happy
renegade who shoots anyone
in their crosshairs?
It's my job to defend you
no matter what I think.
I arrived
on target.
I saw a man
holding a Beretta M1951
in his left hand.
I put him down
before he could get a shot off.
I'm far less concerned
with what you say happened
than with what
the prosecution can prove.
Unless you can procure
the smoking gun,
it's your word against theirs,
Master Chief.
Oh, hey there, little buddy.
You, uh, shooting your feelings
again there, sugarplum?
Uh, JAG called
before I fired
a shot.
Deposition is in ten minutes.
When's yours?
Uh, my deposition
got rescheduled.
Ray called me in.
Oh. What,
something going on?
[lock beeping]
Yo.
We're spinning
up, Spenser.
I thought we were undeployable.
Bravo's undeployable, but you
and Ray are strapping with Echo.
They need sniper support,
and the other teams
are engaged elsewhere.
Still need rear security.
Sonny's here
and cleared hot.
[grunts]About time he knocks
the rust off.
That was quick.
I'll leave you to it.
I don't have to remind you
that there are
plenty of eyes on you, given
Master Chief Hayes' situation.
Toe the line.
Roger.
CLAY:
Sonny Quinn rides again.
SONNY:
Couldn't stand to be
away another day.
Treated me like a lab rat
when I was out, but...
no one questions
where your head's at.
[chuckles]: Yeah.
I don't think the Navy wants
to go down that rabbit hole.
Uh, I'm good,
Ray. Lookit.
My injury was a
small price to pay
for slaying
your dragon.
Hope Jace doesn't pay
a bigger one.
His charges have nothing
to do with Raqqa Jacques.
So, where we headed?
Apartadó, Colombia.
Targeting four key leaders
of Las Sombras.
That's the most brutal cartel
in the region.
Five points for Blonde Hermione.
Is this a kill
or capture mission?
Kill.
We're responsible
for taking out
the cartel's third in command,
Mauricio Perez... [grunts]
...while Echo
simultaneously eliminates
the other four targets.
Wheels up in an hour.
Doesn't leave much time for
your deposition there, Sonny.
Gonna keep it fast and dirty.
'Cause they can't handle
my truth.
Hey, how's, uh,
how's Jace holding up?
[grunts]
Haven't heard anything.
You didn't reach out?
Seem to recall Command
issuing a no-contact order.
I figured maybe you'd bend
the rules a little bit
for your best friend.
I can't imagine
it's easy on him,
being
without his brothers.
Well, it's
unfortunate, but...
sometimes you're
on your own.
Come on.
[grunts]
OGAWA:
Good afternoon.
I'm Commander Ogawa.
I've been assigned to conduct
the preliminary hearing
for United States
v. Master Chief Jason Hayes.
Is the government prepared
to present evidence?
FLORES:
Yes, ma'am.
Master Chief Hayes is accused
of violating Article 119,
involuntary manslaughter,
for shooting Yazeed Nafal,
an unarmed Jordanian civilian,
during an operation in Jordan.
Exhibit 1 is the
classified order
to obtain the cell phone
of Syrian terrorist Dabir Ganim.
Exhibit 2 is the
deposed testimony
of three members of Bravo Team.
Exhibit 3:
cell phone footage
of the shooting.
[gunshots][groaning]
[gunshots]
As the
footage shows,
Mr. Nafal
had no weapon.
Master Chief Hayes
fatally shot an unarmed man.
I'm telling you, Mr. Nafal
was armed, 'kay?
Video says differently.
Forget the video,
all right?
The video had missing
camera angles.
It didn't-didn't show
everything.
So where's the gun?
It wasn't
at the scene.
None of your teammates
saw it.
Seems it only exists
in your head.
The gun was there.
All right?
Maybe a cop took it
or a neighbor.
So, I don't know,
how do we prove it?
We don't.What do you mean
we don't? That's it?
Plea offer.
You admit to Article 114,
reckless endangerment, accept a
less than honorable discharge...[scoffs]
...but you get to keep some of
your benefits.
You got to be
kidding me. Plea deal.
I'm not taking a plea deal.Taking that deal is
your best hope for a future.
I take that deal,
all that says is
that I'm guilty.
I'm not guilty. I'm innocent.
20 years of service to
this country should prove that.
It's true many people think
you're a hero, Master Chief.
But that video says
you're a cold-blooded killer.
It's a generous
plea offer.
It proves the U.S. wants
a speedy settlement with Jordan.
All it proves
is they want this to go away.
They're not expecting a fight.
This isn't your kind of fight,
Master Chief.
There are
greater forces at play.
If you're
court-martialed,
your entire life will be invaded
and you'll face
a more severe punishment
than what's
in that offer.
No. Not gonna take the plea.
Think of what you're risking
by going to trial.
Risk is part of my job.
Take the deal.
It's your only way out.
No.
There is more
than my freedom at stake here.
Never out of the fight.
That's right. That's me.
We'll review every piece of
evidence and every tactic again.
Good.
Now I feel
like we're communicating.
Sit down.
I'm not banging my head
against the wall alone, Jason.
Yes, ma'am.
Or is it "Lieutenant Commander
Williams" now?
[indistinct chatter]
[quietly]:
Oh, God.
What's the matter?
Realizing how dull
life will be with Echo?[chuckles]
I'm realizing how wrong it feels
to be rolling out
with Jason's career on the line.
Our depositions will help.
All right? Get on record what
kind of man and operator he is.
SONNY:
Not sure
how much, though.
All they were worried about
was the missing gun.
If only I would've gone inside,
maybe I would've spotted it.
Could've made this all go away.
SONNY:
If they didn't take
Jason's word for it,
what makes you think
they're gonna take yours?
The only reason the pencil
jockeys are questioning the kill
is because it happened
inside an apartment building
and not in the sandbox.
Cake-eaters still think
this war's got boundaries.
I never should've
told Jason that...
Raqqa Jacques
was Ray's torturer.
I mean, what if I primed him
to make a mistake?
He didn't make
a mistake. Okay?
Ain't no reason
to feel guilty.
Raqqa Jacques
come up in your deposition?
No. Why would he?
Wouldn't have
changed the op.
Hey.
How'd your deposition go,
Warrant?
Not supposed to talk
about the investigation.
Mm. He's just...
he's just worried about Jace.
Or himself.
He was OIC
in Jordan.
Means he's exposed.
He'll be on the hook
for Jason's actions.
No, he's just wound up.
There's no way in hell
he's more concerned
about his situation
than his brother's.
DAVIS:
Yeah. I agree.
His first op out,
he nearly got killed.
His second time out, Jason's
freedom's in the crosshairs.
He's got plenty
weighing on him.
WILLIAMS:
We've combed
through everything.
AARs, Jordan's
records.
I'm not finding our Hail Mary.
You sure we just can't
tell 'em I didn't do it?
[chuckles]
Chief Warrant Officer Perry.
His deposition's sealed.
So?
So, he has a lawyer, too.
Why does he need a lawyer?
Maybe to protect
himself.
How would you describe
his mental state
on the Jordan mission?
He was fine.But could he
really serve
as a solid OIC just weeks
after enduring such trauma?
How does any of this help me?
If the op in question
was led by an OIC
in a compromised mental state,
Ray and Command
are equally culpable.
You want me to pin this
on my brother?
By sharing the blame,
we could reduce your charges.
No, I'm sorry. Teammates
don't turn on each other.
I'm sorry to say this,
but all signs suggest
that Ray already has.
The Ray I know
wouldn't do that to me.
Considering all
he's been through,
he might not be
the Ray you knew.
Holding Ray accountable might
be your only way out of this.
[insects trilling]
[creaking]
Clear.
Clear.Clear.
[groans]
This gives us
a clean line of sight
to the target building.
I'll break out
the hide material.
Sonny, get posted
by the front.
Watch our six.
Ah, all by my lonesome?
Well...
I'll deny ever saying this,
but...
I wish Brock was
on this mission.
It's got to be tough
on the family
heading out so soon
after Jordan.
They know the drill.
Stella's moving in next month.
Yep. That's good to hear.
You two must be excited.Yeah, we are.
Though Jason's, uh,
his situation isn't helping.
Kind of worried
the realities of the job's
got her spooked again.
You filled her in on Jason?
Yeah, just trying
to be honest with her,
like you are with Naima.
Being honest doesn't mean
I can tell her everything, Clay.
How much you share
about the Jordan op?
[grunts]
Enough to quell her curiosity.
Including Raqqa Jacques?
You told Stella about him?
I answered her questions.
Stella and Naima talk, Clay.
You shouldn't have
said anything.
Sometimes the truth causes
more problems than it solves.
JASON:
Sir?
You have a minute?
Only if you've gone Winchester
since our last encounter.
I didn't mean
to come at you like that.
My fight is not with you.
Yeah, I understand wanting
to give a face to the enemy.
How you holding up?
Never thought I'd go out
like this.
You made any headway
with your defense?
JAG proposed two options:
plea deal or...
sell out my teammate.
If you were in my shoes,
what would you do?
I'm not permitted to influence
your legal decisions.
But off the record,
I would consider the plea offer.
It's the option
that allows you to salvage
something
after operating.
Salvage what?
I got a glimpse of life
after operating,
and that's not me.
Yeah, I know being away
from your teammates
is making this
even more difficult, so...
a little advice:
Take refuge in
the people closest to you
outside these walls.
'Cause not even you
are gonna be able to fight
this battle alone.
[insect chirping]
RAY:
Still no Perez.
Hurry up and wait.
It's a nice change of pace
from Jordan.
You shouldn't feel responsible
for what's happening with Jason.
Why would I?
I didn't ask for his help.
I didn't even want
to tell him about Raqqa Jacques.
He pushed
for vengeance.
Whatever went down is on him.
Either of you studs
need a break?
Get back at your
post, Sonny.
Ah, yeah, you ever see
that Chuck Norris movie
where he pulls rear security?
No, you haven't,
have you?
Yeah,
'cause even Ground Chuck
couldn't make it
interesting.
We got movement. Second window.
RAY:
That's Perez.
There's someone else
in the room.
A kid.
SONNY:
Yeah, intel says
that Perez
has a daughter.
Luisa.
RAY:
Havoc, this is Bravo 2.
We have a PID on HVT 3.
How copy?
That's a good copy, Bravo 2.
Stand by.
Holding for Echo.
Roger that. Bravo 2 out.
Jason's on trial
for shooting an unarmed man,
and here we are,
taking orders
to do the same,
right in front
of his daughter.
Perez is responsible
for the deaths of hundreds
of innocent people, Sonny.
Yeah. Well,
her whole childhood
will go up in smoke
with her daddy.
We don't pick the ops.
we just execute them.
SONNY:
Just saying...
if Raqqa Jacques
had his way,
and Jameelah saw
your last breath online...
well, she'd be saddled
with that horror
for the rest
of her days.
We don't take out Perez,
more innocent people will die.
And unfortunately for Luisa,
you can't pick your parents.
RAY: Back to
work, Sonny.
[lively chatter][billiard balls collide]
Thank you.
Sorry I'm late.
[exhales]
My parasailing class
went over time.
[chuckles]: I'm sorry.
Parasailing.
Right. [chuckles]What?
I have a life now.
That's good.
Just-just glad
that you were in town.
That's all.
Only to collect some things
before my flight leaves
in a couple hours.Oh.
Where you headed?
You didn't call to ask
about my adventures.
Yeah.
You know me too well.
You do.
[exhales]
I heard what you've
been charged with.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah.
[exhales]
Unfortunately,
my new...
role doesn't allow me to...
horse-trade state secrets
to rescue you. [chuckles softly]
Havoc, this is Echo 1.
We have a PID on HVT 2, over.
Copy that. Stand by. Sir?
All targets
positively identified.Roger that.
ECHO 1:
All targets
have been PID'd. Stand by.
I don't have a shot.
We'll wait for her to move.
ECHO 1:
Execute, execute, execute.
[sniffs]
Come on.
Move.
[clicking]
You're clear.
RAY:
Luisa's still in the room.
CLAY:
He's gonna bail.
Send it.
Damn it,
what happened to the lights?
He's gone.
DAVIS:
Bravo 2, this is Havoc.
HVTs 1 and 2 are down.
HVT 4 is eliminated.
Bravo, what is your sitrep?
CLAY:
Havoc, this is Bravo 6.
We still don't have the shot.
Roger that, Bravo 6.
Standing by.
Havoc out.
Look, if Perez
gets away,
we're on the hook
for another bad op.
You think telling Stella
that we iced a dude
in front of his baby girl
is gonna put her mind at ease?
Huh?
CLAY:
He's got a phone.
He's probably hearing
about the other HVTs.
If we don't
take the shot,
we're gonna lose him.
Son of a bitch. He's bailing.
Bravo 2, this is Havoc.
Be advised,
you have what appears to be
an enemy vehicle
approaching your position.
Good copy.
We see it. Pickup truck with
a spotlight. Coming right at us.
♪
[quietly]:
Bravo 2, this is 3.
We got the enemy out looking.
Probably not hunting for snipe.
♪
SONNY:
We got two guards
heading into the barn.
This could get loud, gentlemen.
Copy, 3.
Hold off as long as you can.
We still don't have the shot.
[speaking Spanish]
Come on. Come on.
Where'd you go?
[car door shuts]
[engine revving in distance]
The SUV.
You have
the shot?
I can't see him
through night vision.
Shot's gonna fall on you.
Check. Switching to thermal.
Copy.
Perez is still smoking.
Don't fire till you PID.
Where's the girl?
Wait. Wait.
He left his daughter
in the room.
Take the shot.
♪
Jackpot.
[gunfire]
[insects chirping]
[panting softly]
Havoc, this is Bravo 2.
I pass Athena.
DAVIS:
Copy that, Bravo 2.
All targets are down.
[panting]
Maybe they should make that
rear security movie after all.
Yeah.
[panting]
Civilian life looks like
it's treating you well.
Yeah.
Maybe I should've
followed you out
of that taco stand that day.[chuckles]
I've thought about that,
you know.
Probably would've been
a... happier ending
than the one I'm facing.Yeah.
You would've loved it
for, like...
a week?
Two, tops.
And then you would have been
yearning for your microwave.
You think so?
Know so.
Bravo gives you a purpose
most people never find.
You had that purpose.
But not the brotherhood.
That's... [inhales]
the difference between us.
Why you had to stay
and I didn't.
Well, that difference
may not exist anymore.
What's that mean?Mm, just...
My lawyer's trying
to convince me
that one of my teammates
has turned on me.
If I don't incriminate him,
he's just gonna bury me.
[exhales]
Other option
is a plea deal.
And neither surrender
nor making a teammate
collateral damage
is the Jason Hayes way.
Like I said,
you know me too well.
You know what you're gonna do?
I'm better at making decisions
when bullets are flying at me.
For 20 years,
you've convinced your teammates
to follow you
into the darkest pits of hell.
How hard can it be
to convince a jury
that you did it right
and you're innocent?
Right.
[glasses clink]
You can't be leaving.
Come on, stay.Sorry.
The ticket's
nonrefundable.
All right.
Maybe next time.
Great.
[door closes]
[plane passing overhead]
I'm, uh, I'm glad you were
leading us out there today.
You know, holding fire
till Perez's daughter
was out of the way,
that was... that
was a good call.
Last I checked, I don't need
Bravo 6's approval.
No, you don't.
But you have it anyway.
You know, I don't
know how I'd handle
making impossible moral
decisions in the field
like you just did.
That's why I'm glad I
can rely on my brothers.
You're wondering
if Jason can rely on me?
Why are you so
closed off to him?
This isn't like you.Our hands are tied.
You know the rules.
Like you knew the rules when
you wrote the Marsden letter?
Go out on a limb for her,
but you let our brother
suffer in the dark
after he moved heaven and earth
when you needed him most.
I know what Jason has
done for me, all right?
And how I handle
this is my business.
Not when it harms Bravo.SONNY:
Hey, hey,
hey, hey. Guys.
Okay? Cool it, man.
Look, Soto said.
We need to toe the line.
No.
What we really need
is to stick together.
Take a breather, buddy.
DAVIS:
What was that about?
[groans]
I don't know. I think, uh,
this Jace thing is starting
to mess with everybody's head.
Yeah, well,
uncertainty will do that.
Yeah, I guess that's the
truth about us, too, huh?
Look, Davis...
I'm so sorry I haven't figured
out this whole baby thing yet.
Don't worry about me.
Hannah's the one
that is waiting on you.
I mean,
it would be nice to know
what the road ahead
looks like for us.
You see, "family" has always
been a bad word for me.
I told people I had sisters
because my made-up clan
brought me comfort more
than my real family did.
The fact that Emmet
was a bad father
doesn't condemn you
to be one.I know.
Just seeing what
Jace is going through
and us almost killing that
guy in front of his child...
Yeah.
I just don't think it's fair
to bring that
home to a child.
That's a sound argument,
Sonny.
It's very logical.
But this isn't a kid.
This is yourkid.
And the connection that
you'll share, father to child?
There's nothing logical
about it.
[exhales]
[door opens]STELLA:
You're back.
How was, uh, the op?
Uh, successful.
Good.
I mean, doesn't
paint much of a picture,
but that's good.
Look....
I-I shared too much
about Jason.
I know
my job isn't your favorite thing
about me,
and so I shouldn't throw it
in your face.
You're right.
What you do
once bothered me
to the point of almost ruining
the best thing
in my life.
But I love you,
and operating
is who you are.
I want you to share
everything with me.
What was bothering you
the other day?
I've made peace with what
operating could do to you,
but I don't think
I can handle watching you
get dragged in the mud
like they're doing with Jason.
Not with everything
you sacrifice.
I was worried
this conversation was heading
in a different direction.
I'm not going anywhere.
Like, literally,
I'm not going anywhere tonight.
[chuckles]
Got a plan.
We'll be here.
[laughs, moans]
Do you want to make up for
some lost time with me?
[moans]
Mm-hmm.
What is it?
Team's coming apart
at the seams.
I really want to stay here
with you right now, but...
I need to try and
make things right.
It's okay.
Bravo takes priority.
I get it.
Go already.
[keys jingle]
When Bravo returned
from Ganim's apartment,
did they discuss
the operation with you?
No, ma'am. Officer Perry
handed me Ganim's phone
and said
there was no time to waste.
Officer Mina Hassan and I
then analyzed the data.COOK:
Thank you, Lieutenant.
Just two more questions.
Uh, when Officer Perry
shared Raqqa Jacques's identity
with you,
you reported that up
the chain of command, correct?
Yes, ma'am. I followed protocol.
Prior to the op
at Ganim's apartment,
was Master Chief Hayes aware
that Raqqa Jacques
was the man
who tortured Officer Perry?
[fridge opens]
[phone buzzing]
♪
Hey.Hey.
Figured you'd be home with
the family after the op.
Uh, Commander Cook wanted
to talk to me again, I guess.Mm.
How'd it go in there?I don't know.
I'm feeling guilty
about what I shared.
Could be twisted to hurt Jason.
As long as you told the truth,
you don't need to feel guilty.
I don't know.
I mean, Jason led the charge
to defend me
when I was in front of the XOI
last year. It just...
It feels wrong
that he has to face this
on his own.
[knock on door]
[dog barks]
Hey. It's all right.
Okay.
Hey.
You know there's
a no-contact order.
Don't want you to get in trouble
with Command again.
Deposition's
tomorrow, so...
technically,
I'm not a witness yet.
That's not really how it works.
You gonna make me drink alone?
Yeah.
[groans]
[exhales]
How's the team holding up
without seeing my ugly face?
Angry on your behalf.
Yeah. What about Ray?
Yeah, he's-he's frustrated.
You know, he wants
to be here for you.
If he wanted to be here,
he'd be here.
How's it been with you?Got me all jammed up.
Lawyer is waving the white flag.
What are you gonna do?
What I always do. Fight.
Go in there with guns a-blazing.
Good. Good.
It doesn't... doesn't track.
The guy who's run more ops
than anyone
just suddenly got
an itchy trigger finger.
You'll beat this.
Yeah.
[phone buzzing]
Oh.
That's my JAG.
[sighs]
Yeah?
Well...
I guess that's that, then.
All right.
What's up?
[exhales]
Um, trial counsel found out
that, uh, Raqqa Jacques
was Ray's torturer.
They think I shot
an unarmed man out of revenge.
They upped the charges
to murder.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
And FORD.
We go further, so you can.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org